Privacy Policy

Effective date: [Date]

1. Introduction

Thank you for using Arley4dRoms ("we", "our", "us"). This Privacy Policy explains how we handle your information when you use our Arley4dRoms mobile application (the "Application").

2. Information We Do Not Collect

2.1 Personal Information
We do not collect any personally identifiable information through the Application.

2.2 Non-Personal Information
We do not collect any non-personal information when you interact with our Application.

2.3 Usage Data
We do not collect usage data or any other information related to the use of the Application.

3. Advertisements

Our Application may display advertisements provided by third-party services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different online services to provide personalized advertising based on your interests. However, Arley4dRoms does not collect, store or process any information related to these advertisements.

4. Information Security

Although we do not collect any personal information, we take reasonable steps to protect information that may be collected automatically by third-party advertising services. However, remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.

5. Links to Other Sites

Our Application may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party site. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy of each site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.

6. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when posted on this page.

7. Contact

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [RomsServer@hotmail.com]
